Replacing PAMELA mesh with VTK mesh (#1992)
GEOSX/GEOSX: src/docs/sphinx/advancedExamples/validationStudies/faultMechanics/singleFracCompression/Example.rst

> Here, we load the mesh with ``PAMELAMesh`` (see :ref:`ImportingExternalMesh`).
> The syntax to import external meshes is simple: in the XML file,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, we load the mesh with ``VTKMesh``.
The syntax to import external meshes is simple: in the XML file,
```
